Add support for NBI fetching AMOs (#247)
openshmem-org/specification: content/shmem_atomic_fetch_add_nbi.tex

\end{Csynopsis}
where \TYPE{} is one of the standard \ac{AMO} types and has a corresponding
\TYPENAME{} specified by Table~\ref{stdamotypes}.

\begin{apiarguments}

  \apiargument{IN}{ctx}{A context handle specifying the context on which to
      perform the operation. When this argument is not provided, the operation
      is performed on the default context.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{fetch}{Local data object to be updated.}
  \apiargument{OUT}{dest}{The remotely accessible data object to be updated on
      the remote \ac{PE}.}
  \apiargument{IN}{value}{The value to be atomically added to \VAR{dest}.}
  \apiargument{IN}{pe}{An integer that indicates the \ac{PE} number on which
      \VAR{dest} is to be updated.}

\end{apiarguments}

\apidescription{
    The nonblocking \FUNC{shmem\_atomic\_fetch\_add\_nbi} routines perform an
    atomic fetch-and-add operation. An atomic fetch-and-add operation fetches
    the old \VAR{dest} and adds \VAR{value} to \VAR{dest} without the
    possibility of another atomic operation on the \VAR{dest} between the time

>     of the fetch and the update. This routine returns after posting the

Reviewer: @jamesaross Noted that the sentence starting with "An atomic ..." is different from the other NBI routines and could potentially be seen as redefining atomicity for this operation.  Ensure wording is similar to other NBI operations.

Author: fixed

    operation. The operation is considered complete after a subsequent call to
    \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}. At the completion of \FUNC{shmem\_quiet}, \VAR{value}

>     is added to \VAR{dest} on \VAR{pe} and the prior contents of \VAR{dest}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    has been added to \VAR{dest} on \VAR{pe} and the prior contents of \VAR{dest}
```

>     are fetched into the \VAR{fetch} local data object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    fetched into the \VAR{fetch} local data object.
```
